My channel.  Today we are going to discuss the
Q2 results of ICICI LBO General Insurance.
Ok?  And after that
we will also discuss its chart.
Its detailed video has already been made here.
So if I am seeing its result here, then
you can see it clearly in the result.
Here we have to compare September 25 with September 24.
So if I
see its total income here, then this
data which I have is in lakhs and
what do I have to do to convert it into crores
?  We have to leave out the last two digits.
Ok?  So look here, if I
look at the total income on September 25, how much did
I have here?  You can see
crores and how much I had in September 24 was
crores, so the total income has increased here
and after that I will talk about the total expenses, so what is the
total expenses here, we have
5830 crores and how much was it in the same quarter of last year,
5186 crores.  Now if I
subtract total expenses from total income, I will get
profit.  So if I
talk about profit before tax, then
how much profit do I have here?  ₹177
crore.  And how much was it in the same quarter last year
?  919 crores.  So
here my
profit before tax is Rs 1077 crore against Rs 919 crore.  And if I
look at the profit after tax,
my net profit here is Rs 819 crore.
Whereas how much was it in the same quarter last year
?  693 crores.  So here you
can see the net profit and all the
things have improved here.  So the result
here has been excellent.  And
if I am talking about its chart here, then
we have already discussed it in detail in the video.
You will find it in the playlist
here.  And this target here is going to support this
result to take it to this target more quickly.
So we will definitely reach this target.
After that we will see how its results will
come in future.  What is the chart pattern forming here?
So the result is great.
If you want,
you can hold the position created here.  This is an educational
video and not my buy, sell, or hold
recommendation.  You have to take the decision
after discussing it with your financial advisor.  But here the result was
excellent.  So
he will take this target here more quickly.  So if
you have stock here then you can already stay.
If you are thinking of buying it, then as per
this result,
this stock can give an upmove here as soon as there is a slight recovery.
Ok?  So
you can go and watch the detailed video in the playlist.  I
hope you like and share the video if you like it.
If you are new to this channel,
please subscribe.
See you next video